docs(TabStrip): add adaptive tabstrip docs (#2723)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/tabstrip/sizing.md

---
title: Tabs Size
page_title: TabStrip Tabs Size
description: The Size parameter in the TabStrip component allows you to control the size of the tabs. By default, tabs size is medium.
slug: tabstrip-tabs-size
tags: telerik,blazor,tab,strip,tabstrip,size
published: True
position: 16
---

# TabStrip Tabs Alignment

By design, the tabs are displayed in medium size.

You can customize their size through the `Size` parameter. It supports the following values:

> * `small` - Reduces the default padding of the TabStrip tabs. Especially useful when you want to fit more tabs in a limited space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `small` - Reduces the default padding of the TabStrip tabs. This size is useful when you want to fit more tabs in a limited space.
```

* `medium` (default) - Represents the default padding of the TabStrip tabs.

> * `large` - Increases the default padding of the TabStrip tabs. Useful when you want to provide larger elements for easier end user interaction.

Reviewer: `end user` is the noun form (as in "end users might prefer larger UI components for easier interaction"), while `end-user` is the adjective form ("the end-user experience is improved by larger UI components").

```suggestion
* `large` - Increases the default padding of the TabStrip tabs. This size is useful when you want to provide larger elements for easier end-user interaction.
```

> * `large` — Increases the default padding of the TabStrip tabs. This size is useful when you want to provide larger elements for easier end-user interaction.

Reviewer 2: Mention and recommend using `ThemeConstants.TabStrip.Size` somewhere here.

>caption Set the desired tab size.

````RAZOR
<TelerikTabStrip Size="@ThemeConstants.TabStrip.Size.Large">
    <TabStripTab Title="First">
        First tab content.
    </TabStripTab>
    <TabStripTab Title="Second">
        Second tab content.        
    </TabStripTab>
    <TabStripTab Title="Third">
        Third tab content.
    </TabStripTab>
</TelerikTabStrip>

> ````

Reviewer: Add a `## See Also` section at the bottom.
